DOCS-1003: Update confetti-bot.md fix images (#1887)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/get-started/confetti-bot.md

{{<imgproc src="/tutorials/confetti-bot/install-cannon-holder.jpg" resize="400x" declaredimensions=true alt="Motor attachment with a 3D printed black piece wrapped around the confetti cannon secured over the motor head." class="center-if-small" style="min-height:275px; max-height:350px">}}

{{<imgproc src="/tutorials/confetti-bot/install-cannon-enclosure.jpg" resize="400x" declaredimensions=true alt="Motor attachment with a 3D printed black piece wrapped around the confetti cannon secured over the motor head attached to the enclosure." class="center-if-small" style="min-height:275px; max-height:350px">}}

5.  Add the front section you just built to the rest of the enclosure using M2.5 x 16mm screws and M2.5 nuts.
    Make sure to do this step before closing the side walls to be able to access the slots for screws.

{{<imgproc src="/tutorials/confetti-bot/install-front-enclosure.jpg" resize="400x" declaredimensions=true alt="Side view photo of the front section attached to the rest of the enclosure." class="center-if-small" style="min-height:275px; max-height:350px">}}

### Optional: Laser cut or print the sides

Laser cut the sides of the enclosure and attach with screws.

> You can find the designs [here](https://github.com/viam-labs/devrel-demos/tree/main/confetti_bot/stl-files).

Author: ```suggestion
You can find the designs [on Viam Labs' GitHub](https://github.com/viam-labs/devrel-demos/tree/main/confetti_bot/stl-files).
```
